Routes or Endpoints are paths in ur url that tells the server exactly waht resource you want 
to access


http://127.0.0.1:8000/ is the Root.

http://127.0.0.1:8000/about is the About page.






API - Application Programming Interface
when a program communicate with another

API ANALOGY

a truck in New york carrying goods to NEw jesery
it passes a bridge
and it reaches new jesery


NEW york -----> bridge ------> NEw jesery
Client          API            API server


API helps access resources that someone else created, in a very organized way


What are Routes
A Route (or Endpoint) is the specific path at the end of a URL (like /about or /status).
http://127.0.0.1:8000

http://127.0.0.1:8000/ is the Root.

http://127.0.0.1:8000/about is the About page.






GIT = Version control
tracks changes in your code.



GitHub = Cloud Storage for Code

Where you upload and share projects.





Git is a Time Machine for your code. Instead of making 100 copies of a file, Git stays inside your folder and takes "snapshots" (called Commits) of your work. If you break your code on Tuesday, you can use Git to
 "travel back in time" to exactly how the code looked on Monday.

The Terminal and the Save cycle

1. git status (The "Check-in")
Before you do anything, you ask Git: "What's going on right now?"

It tells you which branch you are on.

It tells you if you have any new changes that haven't been saved yet.


2. git add . (The "Staging")
Imagine you are packing a box to send to a friend.

Putting items on the table to see what fits is git add.

The . means "Add everything in this folder."

3. git commit -m "message" (The "Snapshot")
This is closing the box and taping it shut.

The -m stands for message.

You must always describe what you did (e.g., "Added the about page"). This helps you "travel back in time" later because 
you’ll know exactly what each snapshot contains.



Why do we use them?
In the GDGoC Challenge Day 3, they want you to use a branching strategy.

main branch: This is for code that is 100% finished and working.

develop branch: This is where you do your daily work, make mistakes, and test things out.

By working on a develop branch, you ensure that your main branch stays clean and professional at all times.